---
source: docx
fileId: 7072b4fb-37c6-4a00-b14a-abc44aa4c0f7
processTime: 2025-04-27T21:07:08.032Z
---

Bluefin is the latest decentralized exchange live on Arbitrum. Focusing on performance, security, and usability, Bluefin aims to bring the experience of a centralized exchange to the world of DeFi.

As an order book-based DEX offering liquid markets, high-performance APIs, and a smooth user experience, the project’s vision is to provide seamless and secure access to global financial markets for institutions, professional traders, and first-time users alike.

Bluefin V2 on Sui

Bluefin will also be launching on Sui in the coming months. On Sui, Bluefin will offer a level of scale and performance previously only possible on centralized exchanges. The next version of Bluefin will offer:

**Exceptional Trader Experience **- Bluefin will be able to provide first-time traders with the onboarding experience they are familiar with in Web2, while also giving professional traders the speed and security they require.

**High Throughput &amp; Finality - **Sui parallelizes the entire transaction pipeline, not just execution, giving Bluefin the potential to process as many transactions as a CEX.

**Decentralized Order Book - **Order Books provide several advantages over AMMs, allowing professional and Institutional traders to employ their existing infrastructure and trading strategies on the Exchange, accelerating the onboarding of institutional liquidity and flow.

We’ll share more on how we’ll offer fully permissionless markets on Sui in the coming months!

**Getting Involved with Bluefin**

Bluefin is offering many ways for traders to join its growth programs and exciting community.

- Approximately 20% of Bluefin rewards will go toward a Trade and Earn program, which will launch in the next several weeks. [Link to T&amp;E blog]
- Traders can also apply to join the Bluefin affiliate program today. Selected affiliates will be able to refer other traders and will earn 40% of the trading fees generated by their referrals. Apply here [link to Affiliate blog]

Learn more about Bluefin here: [docs.bluefin.io](http://docs.bluefin.io/) Start trading here: [trade.bluefin.io](http://trade.bluefin.io/)

